Fim improvement (#2367)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/syscheck.rst

- `scan_time`_
- `skip_dev`_
- `skip_nfs`_
- `skip_proc`_
- `skip_sys`_
- `synchronization`_
- `whodata`_
- `windows_audit_interval`_
- `windows_registry`_

.. _reference_ossec_syscheck_alert_new_files:

alert_new_files
---------------

Specifies if syscheck should alert when new files are created.

+--------------------+----------+
| **Default value**  | yes      |
+--------------------+----------+
| **Allowed values** | yes, no  |
+--------------------+----------+

Example:

.. code-block:: xml

 <alert_new_files>yes</alert_new_files>

.. note::

	It is valid on: server and local.

.. _reference_ossec_syscheck_allow_remote_prefilter_cmd:

allow_remote_prefilter_cmd
--------------------------

.. versionadded:: 3.11.0

Allows ``prefilter_cmd`` option apply in remote configuration (*agent.conf*).

+--------------------+--------------------------------+
| **Default value**  | no                             |
+--------------------+--------------------------------+
| **Allowed values** | yes, no                        |
+--------------------+--------------------------------+

Example:

.. code-block:: xml

  <allow_remote_prefilter_cmd>yes</allow_remote_prefilter_cmd>

.. note::

>    This option only can be activate from the agent side, in its own ``ossec.conf``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This option only can be activated from the agent side, on its own ``ossec.conf``.
```

Author: Done

Options
-------

> - `disabled`_

Author: Done.

- `max_eps`_
- `database`_

.. _reference_ossec_syscheck_disabled:

disabled
^^^^^^^^

Indicates if the syscheck scan is disabled or not.

+--------------------+---------+
| **Default value**  | no      |
+--------------------+---------+
| **Allowed values** | yes, no |
+--------------------+---------+

Example:

.. code-block:: xml

 <disabled>no</disabled>

.. _reference_ossec_syscheck_directories:

> directories

Reviewer 2: What is the subtitle style? We need to convert it into blue in order to differentiate them into the list. Please contact with web-team if necessary.

Author: I restructured the section. Now, the **syscheck** options are separated with a line.

ignore
^^^^^^

> List of files or directories to be ignored. Introduced as one entry per line. Multiple lines may be entered to include multiple files or directories. Ignored files and directories are still scaned, but the results are not reported.

Author: Done.
